[MOL-11876][GW] Implement FeedbackRating component (#67)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/feedback-rating/feedback-rating.stories.mdx

import { Canvas, Meta, Preview, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs";
import { useState } from "react";
import { FeedbackRating } from "src/feedback-rating";
import { Modal } from "src/modal";
import { Secondary, Title } from "../storybook-common";
import { PropsTable } from "./props-table";
import { ModalBoxDiv } from "./doc-elements";

<Meta title="Modules/FeedbackRating" component={FeedbackRating} />

<Title>FeedbackRating</Title>

<Secondary>Overview</Secondary>

> A feedback rating component contains a banner, a description, star radio buttons and a submit
> button. It allows a user to rate, based on the star radio button clicked,
> followed by a call to action after clicking the submit button.

Reviewer: suggested description:

```suggestion
A component that allows the user to indicate a star rating from 1-5. The submit button is only enabled when a rating is set.
```

Author: updated
